The state ahead is getting worse and worse in the past few days
He refused to go to the hospital
I'm really afraid of him
No more pleading
You've run to the sunny side dozens of times
He won't even see you.
Just forget it.
I'm going to ask him one last time
If he really doesn't want to get a divorce
Then I give up.
Ouch.
cold weather
Now.
Everyone, come and see!
God, what is he doing?
This is the first time I have seen such a poor person in my life
You seem to be pregnant
There are too many empress, you sit down and sit down
Auntie, please take a video.
Upload it online and help each other
Please!
Dad?
Can I help you?
I'll find your next car in two days.
Here he goes again.
Didn't I say I stopped seeing doctors?
Then let's go back, Dad
Why don't you take a look at this first?
Where does he come from?
The place to shoot the video
It's 10 kilometers away from us
10 kilometers
This girl is so stubborn
Hey but my dad
It's not your fault
If mom adds another 0
I must hope you hang a pot to help the world